added pip requirment for config virtualenv.create=False (#2818)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/docs/configuration.md

Create a new virtual environment if one doesn't already exist.
Defaults to `true`.

!!!note:

> 	While `pip` is not a system requirment for poetry when installed via the provided installer,
> 	`pip` is required if this is set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        When setting this configuration to `false`, the Python environment used must have `pip` 
        installed and available.
```

Rephrasing it a bit to make it clear(er) - I think. :)
